chore(macros): Remove SectionOnPage macro usage (#23059)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/rtcpeerconnection/currentremotedescription/index.md

{{domxref("RTCPeerConnection.setRemoteDescription()")}}, which triggers a series of
events which leads to this value being set. For details on what exactly happens and why
the change isn't necessarily instantaneous, see

> the [Pending and current descriptions](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API/Connectivity#pending_and_current_descriptions) section.

Author: ```suggestion
[Pending and current descriptions](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API/Connectivity#pending_and_current_descriptions) in the WebRTC Connectivity page.
```
